[Feature]: make configuration storage locations configurable via Pimcore's Symfony config tree (#14263)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/21_Deployment/03_Configuration_Environments.md

- `disabled` 
  - do not allow to edit/write configs at all

#### Storage directory for symfony Config files

The default storage directory for Symfony Config files is `/var/config/...`.

> Available environment variables for write targets and directory for Symfony Config files are: 

Reviewer: This is config, not env vars.

```suggestion
Available options for write targets and directory for Symfony Config files are: 
```

```yaml
pimcore:
    storage:
        image_thumbnails:
            target: 'settings-store'

>             directory: '/var/www/html/var/config/image-thumbnails'

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should be more specific here, because the `directory` node doesn't make sense when using `settings-store`. 
We should only use examples here that really make sense and work properly. 

Maybe we should even include examples where the values are set by environment variables, this makes migration easier.
